feat(p2p): add some initial P2P code (#832)
eqlabs/pathfinder: crates/p2p/README.md

# Intro

This crate is a PoC for using Kademlia for bootstrap and capability lookup for nodes.

The library exports a few useful things:

- A Behaviour implementing both Kademlia and Gossipsub. The Behaviour also supports announcing support for a list of capabilities.
- A Transport using Tokio for TCP and DNS.
- An executor using Tokio.
- Some utility functions.

The `peer` example can be used with the `p2p_bootstrap` crate to connect to a bootstrap node, discover other peers and join a Gossipsub channel:

`identity.json` should have a libp2p private key in a JSON config file:

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Nit: I think `json` is also valid here.

{
    "private_key": "Base64 encoded private key"
}
```

The `generate_key` example can be used to output a private key in the proper format for inclusion in the config file:

```shell
cargo run -p p2p --example generate_key
```

Starting up the bootstrap node:

> ```

Reviewer: Nit: `shell`

RUST_LOG=info cargo run -p p2p_bootstrap -- --identity-config-file ./identity.json --listen-on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4000
````

And then starting three peers that initially connect to the boostrap node:

> ```

Reviewer: Nit: `shell`

RUST_LOG=debug cargo run -p p2p --example peer -- --listen-on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4001 --bootstrap-addresses /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4000/p2p/12D3KooWFck5QPHjZ9dZkAfEz7dwVfKkcUdf6xA3Rch4wadu7MH7
RUST_LOG=debug cargo run -p p2p --example peer -- --listen-on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4002 --bootstrap-addresses /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4000/p2p/12D3KooWFck5QPHjZ9dZkAfEz7dwVfKkcUdf6xA3Rch4wadu7MH7
RUST_LOG=debug cargo run -p p2p --example peer -- --listen-on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4003 --bootstrap-addresses /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4000/p2p/12D3KooWFck5QPHjZ9dZkAfEz7dwVfKkcUdf6xA3Rch4wadu7MH7
```

> (Note that the last part is the peer ID of the boostrap node that's derived from the private key in the configuration. The bootsrap node prints its peer id when starting up, change the peer id to the appropriate one in the commands above.)

Reviewer 2: nit: typo
```suggestion
(Note that the last part is the peer ID of the bootstrap node that's derived from the private key in the configuration. The bootstrap node prints its peer id when starting up, change the peer id to the appropriate one in the commands above.)
```
